extravagance is wine lovers
INGLE NOOK good fortune. For nearly three quarters of a
century- since his magnificent Napa
Valley estate has been breeding and growing
vines of choicest Old World strains which
yield littlein quantity but utmost in character,
flavor, and bouquet.
The CABERNET SAUVIGNON you are
about to enjoy is grown from the grape con
sidered by many to produce the finest of all
red wines. Though eminently enjoyable when
first acquired, no variety will yield greater
dividends to the nose and palate after ad-
ditional bottle age.

extravagance
is
wine
lovers
INGLE
NOOK
good
fortune.
For
nearly
three
quarters
of
a
century-
since
his
magnificent
Napa
Valley
estate
has
been
breeding
and
growing
vines
of
choicest
Old
World
strains
which
yield
littlein
quantity
but
utmost
in
character,
flavor,
and
bouquet.
The
CABERNET
SAUVIGNON
you
are
about
to
enjoy
is
grown
from
the
grape
con
sidered
by
many
to
produce
the
finest
of
all
red
wines.
Though
eminently
enjoyable
when
first
acquired,
no
variety
will
yield
greater
dividends
to
the
nose
and
palate
after
ad-
ditional
bottle
age.
"Inglenook 'extravagance' is wine lovers' good fortune. For nearly three quarters of a century -- since 1879 -- this magnificant Napa Valley estate has been breeding and growing vines of the choicest Old World strains which yield little in quantity but utmost in character, flavor, and bouquet. The CABERNET SAUVIGNON you are about to enjoy is grown from the grape considered by many to produce the finest of all red wines. Though eminently enjoyable when first acquired, no variety will yield greater dividends to the nose and palate after additional bottle age.\nINGLENOOK \"extravagance\" is wine lover' good fortune. For nearly three quarters of a century--since 1879--this magnificent Napa Valley estate has been breeding and growing vines of choicest Old World strains which yield little in quantity but utmost in character, flavor, and bouquet. The CABERNET SAUVIGNON you are about to enjoy is grown from the grape considered by many to produce the finest of all red wines. Though eminently enjoyable when first acquired, no variety will yield greater dividends to the nose and palate after additional bottle age.\nINGLENOOK \"extravagance\" is wine lovers' good fortune. For nearly three quarters of a century---since 1879---this magnificent Napa Valley estate has been breeding and growing vines of choicest Old World strains which yield little in quantity but utmost in character, flavor, and bouquet. The CABERNET SAUVIGNON you are about to enjoy is grown from the grape considered by many to produce the finest of all red wines. Though eminently enjoyable when first acquired, no variety will yield greater dividends to the nose and palate after additional bottle age."
"INGLENOOK \"extravagance\" is wine lover' good fortune. For nearly three quarters of a century--since 1879--this magnificent Napa Valley estate has been breeding and growing vines of choicest Old World strains which yield little in quantity but utmost in character, flavor, and bouquet. The CABERNET SAUVIGNON you are about to enjoy is grown from the grape considered by many to produce the finest of all red wines. Though eminently enjoyable when first acquired, no variety will yield greater dividends to the nose and palate after additional bottle age."
"Inglenook 'extravagance' is wine lovers' good fortune. For nearly three quarters of a century -- since 1879 -- this magnificant Napa Valley estate has been breeding and growing vines of the choicest Old World strains which yield little in quantity but utmost in character, flavor, and bouquet. The CABERNET SAUVIGNON you are about to enjoy is grown from the grape considered by many to produce the finest of all red wines. Though eminently enjoyable when first acquired, no variety will yield greater dividends to the nose and palate after additional bottle age."
"INGLENOOK \"extravagance\" is wine lovers' good fortune. For nearly three quarters of a century---since 1879---this magnificent Napa Valley estate has been breeding and growing vines of choicest Old World strains which yield little in quantity but utmost in character, flavor, and bouquet. The CABERNET SAUVIGNON you are about to enjoy is grown from the grape considered by many to produce the finest of all red wines. Though eminently enjoyable when first acquired, no variety will yield greater dividends to the nose and palate after additional bottle age."
